Q) What is Recursion?
A: Recursion = a way of solving a problem by having a function calling itself 
    recursion stores memory in stack(to recall the function) and follows LIFO(last in first out)

Q) Why Recursion?
A:  1. Recursive thinking is really important in programming and it helps you break down big
    problems into smaller ones and easier to use
    ‣ If you can divine the problem into similar sub problems
    ‣ Design an algorithm to compute nth…
    ‣ Write code to list the n…
    ‣ Implement a method to compute all.
    ‣ Practice
    - when to choose recursion?
    2. The prominent usage of recursion in data structures like trees and graphs.
    4. It is used in many algorithms (divide and conquer, greedy and dynamic programming)
    3. Interviews


Q) How Recursion works?
A: 1. A method calls it self
   2. Exit from infinite loop
  Example:
  def recursionMethod(parameters):
   if exit from condition satisfied:
   return some value
   else:
   recursionMethod(modified parameters)
 
Q) Comparision between Recursion and iternative 
A: 
     Points                   Recursion             Iteration                    Reason 
> Space efficient?               No                   Yes               No stack memory require in case of iteration
> Time efficient?                No                   Yes               In case of recursion system needs more time for pop 
                                                                      and push elements to stack memory which makes
                                                                      recursion less time efficient.
> Easy to code?                  Yes                   No               We use recursion especially in the cases we know
                                                                      that a problem can be divided into similar sub
                                                                      problems.
                                                                      
                                                                      
Q) When to Use/Avoid Recursion?
A:  When to use it?
  - When we use memoization in recursion
  - When we can easily breakdown a problem into similar subproblem
  - When we are fine with extra overhead (both time and space) that comes with it
  - When we need a quick working solution instead of efficient one
  - When traverse a tree.
  When avoid it?
  - If time and space complexity matters for us.
  - Recursion uses more memory. If we use embedded memory. For example an application
  that takes more memory in the phone is not efficient
  - Recursion can be slow
 
Python Keyword "assert" : It allows you test if a condition in your code returns True, if not, the
program will raise an AssertionError than can be written by ourselves.
Syntax
assert {condition}, {message}
Example: 
x = 2
assert x < 1, 'x is not less than 1'
The output is: AssertionError: x is not less than 1
Because the condition here (x<1) is not met, so it raises error.

Q) % module function myths 
A) x%y = x means if the left side(x) is less than right side(y) then the remainder is left (x)
